docs: splitting operator to klt-operator and metrics-operator (#944)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: README.md

Here, the `secret` value is the K8s secret name that will be mounted into the runtime and made available to the function
via the environment variable `SECURE_DATA`.

### KeptnTask

A Task is responsible for executing the TaskDefinition of a workload.
The execution is done spawning a K8s Job to handle a single Task.
In its state, it keeps track of the current status of the K8s Job created.

### KeptnEvaluationDefinition

A `KeptnEvaluationDefinition` is a CRD used to define evaluation tasks that can be run by the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit
as part of pre- and post-analysis phases of a workload or application.

A KeptnEvaluationDefinition looks like the following:

```yaml
apiVersion: lifecycle.keptn.sh/v1alpha2
kind: KeptnEvaluationDefinition
metadata:
  name: my-prometheus-evaluation
spec:
  objectives:

>     - keptnMetricRef:

Reviewer: are those changes already in `lifecycle.keptn.sh/v1alpha2`? I think we need to bump to alpha3 here no?

Author: you are right, will fix, thanks!

Author: fixed

metadata:
  name: my-prometheus-evaluation
spec:
  objectives:
    - keptnMetricRef:
        name: cpu
        namespace: ns
      evaluationTarget: <20
    - keptnMetricRef:
        name: memory
        namespace: ns
      evaluationTarget: >4
```

> ### Keptn Metrics Provider

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### KeptnMetricsProvider
```
I think we should stick to the "technical" name here and be consistent.  Do you agree?

Author: we have it separated in the whole file, so I rather be consistent here, or should we fix it overall ?

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by the "whole file"?  Definitely agree about consistency.  It looks to me that the value of the `kind` field/parameter in the yaml file is `KeptnMetricsProvider` so I was thinking we should use that as a "proper" name everywhere.

Author: the whole readme, ok I will fix it

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should discuss it as a team and agree about what we want to do?

> A `KeptnMetricsProvider` is a CRD that defines the evaluation provider that provides data for the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `KeptnMetricsProvider` CRD defines the evaluation provider that provides data for the
```

> A `KeptnMetricsProvider` is a CRD used to define evaluation provider, which will provide data for the
> pre- and post-analysis phases of a workload or application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `KeptnMetricsProvider` is a CRD that defines the evaluation provider that provides data for the
pre- and post-analysis phases of a workload or Keptn application.
```

    key: prometheusLoginCredentials
```

**Note:** The KeptnMetricsProvider is a new resource in KLT 0.7.0.
The migration documentation provides information about how to upgrade from 0.6.0 and earlier versions to 0.7.0.

> ### Keptn Metric

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### KeptnMetric
```

> A `KeptnMetric` is a CRD that defines the SLI provider with a query and stores metric data fetched from the provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `KeptnMetric` CRD defines the SLI provider with a query and stores metric data fetched from the provider.
```

> Providing the metrics as CRD into a K8s cluster will facilitate the reusability of this data across multiple components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Providing the metrics as CRD into a Kubernetes cluster makes this data reusable across multiple components.
```

Furthermore, this allows using multiple observability platforms for different metrics.

> A Keptn metric definition looks like the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A KeptnMetric definition looks like the following:
```

    key: prometheusLoginCredentials
```

> **Note:** If using version 0.6.0 or older, please see the migration documentation when upgrading to 0.7.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** The KeptnMetricsProvider is a new feature in KLT 0.7.0.
The migration documentation provides information about how to upgrade from 0.6.0 and earlier versions to 0.7.0.
about migrating 
If using version 0.6.0 or older, please see the migration documentation when upgrading to 0.7.0.
```

### Keptn Metric

> A `KeptnMetric` is a CRD used to define SLI provider with a query and to store metric data fetched from the provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `KeptnMetric` is a CRD that defines the SLI provider with a query and stores metric data fetched from the provider.
```

  fetchIntervalSeconds: 5
```

> To be able to use `KeptnMetric` as part of your evaluation, you need specify the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To be able to use `KeptnMetric` as part of your evaluation, you must specify the
```

`.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.name` and `.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.namespace` of

> `KeptnEvaluationDefiniton` to the same value as it is stored in `.metadata.name` and `metafata.namespace`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`KeptnEvaluationDefiniton` to the same value that is stored in `.metadata.name` and `metafata.namespace`
```

> of `KeptnMetric` resource. Specifying the `.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.namespace` is optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of the `KeptnMetric` resource.
Specifying the `.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.namespace` is optional.
```

Author: I would rather leave this info here :)

> If it's not specified, it will search for `KeptnMetric` resource in the namespace where `KeptnEvaluationDefinition`
> is stored. If the `KeptnMetric` resource cannot be found there, it will fallback to search in the default KLT namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If it's not specified, KLT searches for the `KeptnMetric` resource in the namespace where `KeptnEvaluationDefinition`
is stored. If the `KeptnMetric` resource cannot be found there, it searches in the default KLT namespace.
```

> **Note:** Please be aware, that if `.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.namespace` of `KeptnEvaluationDefinition`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Please be aware that, if `.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.namespace` of `KeptnEvaluationDefinition`
```

  fetchIntervalSeconds: 5
```

> To be able to use `KeptnMetric` as part of your evaluation, you must set the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To be use `KeptnMetric` as part of your evaluation, you must set the
```

`.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.name` and `.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.namespace` of
`KeptnEvaluationDefiniton` resource to the same value that is stored in `.metadata.name` and `metafata.namespace`

> of `KeptnMetric` resource. Specifying the `.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.namespace` is optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of the `KeptnMetric` resource. Specifying the `.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.namespace` is optional.
```

  fetchIntervalSeconds: 5
```

To use `KeptnMetric` as part of your evaluation, you must set the
`.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.name` and `.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.namespace` of

> `KeptnEvaluationDefiniton` resource to the same value that is stored in `.metadata.name` and `metafata.namespace`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`KeptnEvaluationDefiniton` resource to the same value that is stored in `.metadata.name` and `metadata.namespace`
```

of the `KeptnMetric` resource. Specifying the `.spec.objectives[i].keptnMetricRef.namespace` is optional.
If it's not specified, KLT searches for the `KeptnMetric` resource in the namespace where `KeptnEvaluationDefinition`

> resource is stored. If the `KeptnMetric` resource cannot be found there, it searches in the default KLT namespace.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
resource is stored. If the `KeptnMetric` resource cannot be found there, it searches in the default KLT namespace (`keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system`).
```
